Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
"Friends took the bike
to roam around."
Hey. Painter! Painter!
I need you here. man!
"Friends took the bike
to roam around."
"Friends took the bike..."
Come on now.
I need to buy sweets too.
Bought it today
Please write it
use your brush
I want you to write surname.
Sidhu.
To start your day.
When I opened my eyes
in the morning.
I heard the chirping of birds.
A gust of wind filled my heart.
Then when
the first ray of sun hit my face.
my day had started only then.
Wow! Nice! What a poem!
Now please write
surname for me too.
Bro. I don't write.
You can get it done
from somewhere else.
Why? Do you have henna
on your hands?
You have the colours
and the brush too.
Please write it.
Take some extra money.
What's the problem?
The problem is that you are
in the wrong place
for your job to get done.
He is not that kind of painter.
He is a different one.
What is that different kind?
A painter is a painter.
Come on. man!
At the same time.
the customer is a form of God.
and he is denying God himself.
If it goes on like this.
he will die of hunger.
Hey. boy!
Bring tea and hot fritters.
Look at him!
Guys like him borrow
a bike from others
and then roam around as if he
has bought it. Such an item he was!
Leave it. The poor guy was naive.
How would he know?
You are also quite naive.
a man of God.
You also don't know
anything about worldliness.
It is better to be
ignorant of worldliness.
If you want to know.
then keep an eye
on the nature around you.
That is what is it
trying to talk to us.
It's trying to tell us
something all the time.
Teaching us something.
Explaining something.
Even I can't understand you. man.
But I enjoy talking to you.
Your words and my fritters.
Here. have it.
I've told you so many times.
Change your job profile a bit.
At the same time. start the work
of writing. You can earn more.
The use of money
gives greed to man.
It has swallowed the
world without teeth.
Don't tell me stories about money.
I have a sky of colours
and the land of the canvas.
Tell me. what else do you want?
Life doesn't go on
with such thoughts.
You have got to go
the way the world goes.
It is your illusion.
A person's thinking is
his world and his life.
I am happy the way I am.
Here we go. You are happy.
but it seems that God is angry.
The weather turned bad.
Now people will eat
my fritters fiercely.
Great! Let me go and earn something.
Okay. then.
Bad?
It looks quite nice to me.
"Now the moon is here.
and the earth went up there."
"Ever since I saw you.
my vision became clear."
"I'm reading your
face like a story."
"Like heaven on earth."
"My paintings' actions
are now calling your name."
"Like nature has
put on a new dress."
"By setting the shade of gold
coloured water in the heart."
"Clay toys are walking
towards the stars today."
"My life has become
a series of colours."
"Like heaven on earth."
"Nowadays. I observe things
with my eyes."
"I pay attention
to even the little things."
"Dewdrops dance on flowers
and leaves in the morning."
"Even in the water. there is
a match of colours of its own."
"The way lightning hides
in the clouds."
"Like heaven on earth."
Wow!
She is very pretty.
Who is she?
Dark coloured flower
of a beautiful woman.
Like coal is the decoration
of the burning fuel.
Uh... Coal!
Glow on the forehead.
Passion in the eyes.
The noise of silence on the lips.
Meet me when it rains.
My word!
You are amazing!
People make the whole incomplete.
and you have completed
the incomplete.
Wow!
- No.
it's still incomplete.
But still.
you have done an amazing job.
I didn't make it.
It just got made itself.
By the God
and also by me.
Dad. I missed you so much.
We missed you too dear.
You've came back after 3 years.
Happy birthday. Simi. dear.
- Aww! Thank you so much. Dad.
But this is not done. My gift?
Surprise!
- Hmm? Wow!
I'm so excited!
But. Dad. you didn't spoil my
surprise for your surprise. did you?
Mm-mm.
Then it's fine.
Let's just hurry back home now.
Sure. honey.
Shinde. take the car to the market.
Stop the car. Stop it here.
Simi dear. you just sit here.
I'll be back.
Simi. what happened?
Do you want something?
Dad. look at this.
How beautifully made!
I want this one.
I want this.
Huh! Right away!
Painter. Hey. Painter!
Greetings. Sir.
Everything is all right.
My girl has liked
this painting of yours.
And it's her birthday too.
Do one thing. Give it to her.
Please forgive me but not this one.
You can have something else.
Why anything else?
I like this one.
You just say the amount.
How much do you want?
No. Sir. It's not about the money.
Actually. it's not finished yet.
It's incomplete.
I want only this one!
Send it home when
you are done with it.
Let's go. Dad. Huh!
Tell me. how come you are here?
What should I say?
I am here to tell
about my husband's misdeeds.
Oho! Now what happened?
What else! He Roams
around during the day
and beats me up at night.
I am fed up with all this.
Please tell Sir
and send him to jail.
I'll take what's left of my life.
Where is he? - Don't know where
he has gone since morning.
He didn't even tell me.
Hey. Ramu! Give me my mobile.
Let me ask him when he'll be here.
Mm! Leave it now!
Simi!
Surprise!
Thank God!
I'm so glad to see you.
Oh!
So you guys were planning this.
Brother. I put my husband in jail.
He's ruined my life.
Look. Bachno. Don't
do bad to anyone today.
Today is my baby girl's birthday.
Happy birthday. Honey.
Thank you. Mom. I love you.
Love you too. my love.
Listen. madam.
today is your baby girl's birthday.
Won't I get something
on this occasion?
Be here in the evening
with your husband.
You will get everything.
Hmm.
- Sure. Sir.
Madam.
don't stare at me like that.
It was all your daughter's plan.
I had nothing to do with this.
No. Mom. I swear I didn't
know anything. It was
all Dad's planning.
What!
- Hmm.
Now that you are with your mother.
you joined her. - Of course.
Here's your gift!
Wow! Dad.
it got finished?
- I bought it as it is.
How can it happen that my girl
likes something and does
not get it when I am there?
Hmm?
- Aww!
Dad.
Love you. Dad. I love you so much.
Love you too.
- Thank you for this.
Come on now.
"I brought a convoy
of flowers for you."
At your doorsteps.
"The song I once sang while
sitting alone is stuck in my mind."
"I brought a convoy
of flowers for you."
At your doorsteps.
"The song I once sang while
sitting alone is stuck in my mind."
"Best wishes for the light
on your forehead."
"I don't want to wake up
from the sleep of your dreams."
"My heart beats so that
no tears fall in your destiny."
"I brought a convoy
of flowers for you."
At your doorsteps.
"The song I once sang while
sitting alone is stuck in my mind."
Happy birthday.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
We are so lucky to have you here.
Meet him.
He is Mr. Painter.
He looks like Juliet's Romeo
but has the swagger of Bond.
After all. you gave the painting.
Mm-mm. I didn't give it.
Pardon?
I don't want this
painting like this.
I'm sorry on his behalf.
Shall we? Greetings.
But tell me. at least.
who is she?
Tell me. how much do you want?
Five lakh rupees?
Ten lakh rupees?
I just want the right price.
It's not just money.
It can be anything.
It can be the respect of the eyes
or the sweetness
of the way you talk.
It could be a smile.
and it could be a tear too.
But it is incomplete at the moment.
Yes. I'm a maid.
I go to people's houses
and clean them.
Fulfils every order of the owners.
But being a maid is not a crime.
They all are servants here.
Everyone is working
under someone or the other.
Some do it out of passion.
and some out of compulsion.
Some are doing it for greed.
She's good for maid's role.
- We are all servants of God.
It's not the job
that is big or small.
It's the thinking that matters.
It's all written in karma.
But when nature plays its game.
it does not take long
for the master to become
the servant and the servant
to become the master.
Luck is like that.
It can change anytime.
But people's taunts never go away.
They always live
in our minds as sorrow.
What kind of justice
is it to taunt others
by being a servant yourself?
- Cut it. madam.
Take some rest.
You were given
only two lines to act.
and you acted for
the complete reel.
Also. it's a maid's role.
You were reading the whole script.
Maid's role?
I was told that there are auditions
for the lead character.
Yes. for the lead character too.
But seeing your look. you have
been given the role of a maid.
The character's role
is small but very good.
Congrats. you are selected.
- Hello! Learn to respect talent.
I am not here to be a maid.
I am here to be the lead actor.
Next!
But. Sir...
- Next.
Sir...
- Madam. please.
Please leave.
What happened?
The same as usual.
They saw my complexion
but not my talent.
They were asking me to do
a small role of a maid. Huh!
A maid! My foot!
It's okay. We'll go to some other
audition. You just don't worry.
Let's have tea.
Two cups of tea. please.
Here. Tea.
These big companies don't even
give big roles to small artists.
I can't become a big actress
by doing small roles.
Industry taunts seeing
the tag of a junior artist.
You know that.
Yeah. I know.
That's why you should never give up.
I will never let you give up.
I won't give up.
Those who think that beauty is seen
only in colour will accept defeat.
Those who think small-town
people are just part of the crowd.
I will work in a
bigger studio than this.
That. too. as a lead.
May that day come soon.
May you also find someone
different from the world
who only sees your talent.
Just don't get upset.
I'm not getting upset.
I know I'm very talented
and pretty too.
Swine doesn't know
the value of pearls.
Hello.
'Greetings. Aunt.'
Greetings. my dear.
How are you?
It's all good here. Aunt.
Where is Sara my dear?
Aunt. she is in taking shower.
Taking shower?
Yes.
Pali dear. you also come someday
I will definitely come.
Here is Sara.
Greetings. Mom.
Greetings. my dear.
How was your day?
Today's? It was great.
They have shortlisted me.
They will call me soon.
Don't know in which list do they put you.
It's been 3 years since you're trying to become an actress.
Nothing has happened yet.
I'm very close to my goal now.
Three-four studios
have shortlisted me.
Some or the other movie
will definitely start.
I really believe it.
My dear.
These films..
Are not meant for people like us.
These are better suited for rich people.
My dear. come back home.
I've got 2-3 good marriage propsals for you.
Yes. Mom. I'm ready to get married.
But after becoming an actress.
I can't think of anything else
until my dream comes true.
Anyone can see illusion of water in dessert.
But theres no surity of that illusion turning to reality.
If your father was alive today.
He would have brought you back home.
Come back home my dear.
Good night.
Greetings. Mr. Painter.
Hello. Jagya. How are you?
I'm fine.
- What's new?
New...
- How was Nimmi's wedding?
Yes. it was great.
I am going to her place.
I'm thinking of
getting her something.
Uh... How much for this picture?
How much do you have?
- I just have...
Here. That's all I have.
That's more than enough.
Tell your dad to
clear the previous bills.
Here. Take this.
Here. Get going.
Oh! Madam. it's you!
Greetings. wait a minute.
Please have a seat.
Madam. what would you
like to have? Tea or fritters?
First. tell me.
do you make all this
to sell or for yourself?
Pardon? What do you mean?
I mean. do your tea and
fritters have any price.
or are they priceless like
that painter's painting?
Oh! Not at all.
I'm a pure businessman.
If someone gives me a higher price.
I will be sold immediately.
let alone these fritters.
What kind of person is this
who rejected ten lakh rupees?
This is not an ordinary man.
He is a resident of another world.
God accidentally sent him
into this world.
I didn't get you.
It's just that
he has no attachment to money.
No concern for the world.
He is the king
of the world of colours.
You can't say anything about him.
He can give things
worth lakhs for pennies
and won't give things
worth pennies. even in lakhs.
The way he sees
and feels nature.
he only acts with nature.
Acts?
- Yes!
He acts with nature.
Interact!
Yeah. same thing. Act.
People call him mad
when they listen to him.
Only God knows if he is mad
or if people are.
And that painting...
The girl in it. is she special
that he doesn't want to sell it?
Even he doesn't know that.
He got a torn picture one day.
He finished it with his art.
There's nothing more special
than colours for him.
Hey. boy. give me that glass.
Yes. darling. Why are you worried?
I got your work done.
Yeah. I am doing
my next movie with Ammy.
What! Don't you know Ammy?
Ammy Wirk. Which other Ammy.
do you know?
Yeah. The film will
be shot in the UK.
Why are you worried about the
expenses? That's the producer's job.
I can go with you if you want.
You can fulfil your promise.
Come on. Don't start again.
I... I already knew that when
you would be a big actress.
then you would ditch me.
Babe...
Okay. I'll call you later. Okay?
Yeah.
Okay. fine. No problem.
We'll talk about it.
Okay. bye. Take care.
Hello.
- Hello. Sir. How are you?
How are you?
- Good.
I just came to give you my pictures.
I just got them done.
What was the need to get new
pictures? I already have a lot.
Sir. these pictures...
To whomever I send
your pictures like this.
he sends me back like this.
Sara. dear...
I have told you so many times.
Don't waste your time on lead roles.
Do whatever small character you get.
The one who has to dominate
dominates even in a small scene.
If God wills. you will
also. get the lead role.
Why are you getting worried?
Do you know any such girl
who has become an actress like this?
- Not again. dear.
Use your brain. Play it safe.
Mere acting is not enough
to become an actress.
Much more has to be done.
You'll grow old waiting
for the lead roles.
Then you will get the role
of the actress's aunt or mother.
Listen to me.
and stop dreaming
about the lead roles.
Hmm.
Thanks for your concern.
And yeah. if God has put you
on this duty to give advice.
then you should advise someone
to fulfil dreams and not give up.
Hello. Mr. Painter!
You owe me a party.
Party?
- Come on.
You have won a lottery of 30 lakhs.
I should get a party.
A lottery of 30 lakhs?
I didn't get you.
The daughter of the village head
whose party we went to.
Huh!
- Birthday party.
She came here.
She was asking about you.
Then?
- Oh!
Innocent man. she likes you.
How do you know?
Really?
As if you know everything.
Once. even I tried a lot for a girl.
I have some experience too.
Look. she feels something for you.
Yeah. she does.
I know that.
She feels quite angry
thinking about me.
Anger is the first stage of love.
Didn't you see Romeo and Juliet?
You can use your
experience elsewhere.
I don't care about all that.
You know that very well.
That's the problem.
I know it all too well.
Now youth is in full swing.
There is no feeling
of lack of anything at this age.
Everyone needs someone
to take care of in old age.
If I don't think about you.
then who else will?
I think
about a sister-in-law like Simi.
I mean. exactly. Simi.
The one who takes
care of you. your house.
your colours. and your paintings.
Then you will have two
or three young painters
who would jump here and there.
And then I'll make hot
and crispy fritters for them.
If you are settled.
then my worries will be over.
Think about it.
She is a Canadian return.
Do you know that
people roam around with
30 lakh rupees to
marry a Canadian girl?
And you are happy like this.
Think. bro! Canada!
What will I do in a foreign country?
I am happy in my country land.
So take some soil
from here with you.
People even take
scooters and tractors
to Canada. so you
can take a bit of soil.
Look. you don't have
to arrange any money.
You just have to love a little.
You don't try to love.
You just fall in love.
And when there is love.
you can't think of anything else.
And anyway. love happens only once.
and I'm in love
with this world of mine.
Now this is everything to me.
I don't need any more love.
Uh...
- Can I do some work now?
Your customers must be
looking for you at your shop.
Your tea is going to get cold.
Drink it.
Sara.
I ordered food for us.
Will you please serve it?
I'll freshen up in 2 minutes.
Guess what?
What?
- I have good news for you.
Good news?
- Hmm.
What is it?
Have some patience. Let
me eat first. then I'll tell you.
No. I can't. Tell me right now.
Come on... - I won't eat.
What is this?
I met a producer
at the ad shoot. I went to.
He wants a girl exactly
like you for his movie.
I showed him your pictures
and also told him about you.
And the good news is
that he's called you over tomorrow.
Really?
- Yes!
Thank you. Paali.
Don't thank me now. Say it later.
First. go and meet him tomorrow.
Now let me eat.
Hello. Sir.
Hello.
Have a seat.
- Thank you.
Uh... Sara.
Sara Hayat Ali.
Yeah. good name.
Are you a local from Chandigarh?
No. Sir. I belong to Malerkotla.
I live here for work.
Okay.
I saw your audition.
I liked it.
Have you worked before?
No. Sir. I'm still looking
for my break.
But I did theatre
from school to college.
I did a lot of skits
and stage plays.
Seeing my acting.
I always got the lead role.
I thought about leading
in films after the theatre.
but no one noticed my talent here.
It can be noticed.
but people don't want to notice.
They are all conventional.
They don't want to try new things.
I have thought something different.
Different than world. something new.
I want to bring a different concept.
I appreciate it. Sir.
I am going to announce
a movie very soon.
This film is the story of a girl
whom the world tries to suppress.
But that girl
will not be suppressed.
Wow! It's a great concept.
Your face is very charming.
You're very beautiful.
Different from other girls.
you have all the qualities it takes
to become a star.
And I'll make you a star.
I am signing you
in a lead role in this film.
Thank you so much. Sir.
- Welcome to the board.
Thank you. Sir.
What happened?
Tell me. what happened?
Still no positive outcome?
No problem.
I know another producer.
We'll go to him.
Yay!
Oh my! Thank God!
Do you know that since the morning
I had a very strong intuition
of good news? - This is it.
I just needed my first break.
Now I will give my best.
Yes.
- I have to work hard day and night.
You deserve more. Sara. This
is just the beginning. You'll see.
People will only talk
about you everywhere.
TV. Radio. Cinema.
Sara will be everywhere.
- Aww!
What's the matter? Can't you sleep?
Sleep also has a strange pattern.
I couldn't sleep
because of stress before.
Today. I can't sleep
because of my happiness.
After so many struggles.
so many rejections and
such a long time. finally!
What kind of dream is which
doesn't require struggle?
You were right. Pali.
He must be someone special
who would look at me
without any discrimination.
Thank you so much. for
letting me meet that guy.
Don't thank me. thank God.
I only did my duty as a friend.
my star Sara.
Anyone who has a friend like you.
is already a star.
Oh! Shall we go and
sleep now. Ms Star?
I heard that stars never sleep.
Oh! As if!
Let's go! Stars don't sleep! As if!
How beautiful do
you want to make it?
God has made her beautiful.
I am just trying to copy him.
Why don't you do my painting?
I am also beautiful.
I am more beautiful than her.
Sit!
Nature has made
everything really beautiful.
And it has created humans
as the most beautiful creature.
Its an old habbit of humans to destroy beautiful things.
Humans were supposed to be close to nature.
But they went away.
If the curtains are removed.
everyone is really beautiful.
Anyhow. nature has not done
any discrimination against anyone.
Then why do you discriminate?
No matter how much beauty
is hidden behind curtain.
it doesn't matter.
if there are no curtains. it
becomes hard to express beauty.
Greetings. Mom!
Greetings. my dear!
Mom. God has listened to me.
In my desert of dreams.
I didn't get water.
but whole ocean.
I am on the verge of achieving my
dreams that I saw with open eyes.
Sara. are you telling me truth?
Thank god.
Yes. Mom. Today.
my first movie's shoot...
I mean. my work is going to start.
I am really happy today.
'I will go the shrine right away
and offer my prayers.'
'I pray that God
makes my Sara happy.'
Yes. Mom. Please pray that
God fulfils everyone's dreams.
Mine too?
Mom!
My dear.
I also have dreams.
That you get married.
Get a husband.
Have kids.
Have your family.
It will happen. Mom.
Everything will happen.
And everything will be really good.
Should i call the middlemen?
Shall I go ahead
and work first. Mom?
Okay. I'll call you in the night.
Thn we'll talk.
Okay then! Goodbye!
Okay. daughter. Goodbye!
Oh God. thanks a lot!
Hello. are you ready?
Hello. sir!
First movie! First day!
How are you feeling?
I can't explain. sir.
Everything feels like a dream.
Thank you so much. You have
come into my life as the God.
I don't know how I should thank you.
Like how you are supposed to do.
do it like that.
- Thank you. sir.
Thank you very much.
It is not done like this.
I didn't get you.
You are not that innocent
that you don't understand.
Come to me.
Leave it now.
Okay now.
Hey. what's this?
Look there. Who is he?
Brother. what happened?
Someone has focused
a laser on me. Check it.
No. brother. Those are
just light adjustments.
Light adjustments?
- Yes.
Light adjustments. Move! Relax.
Ready!
Where did you find this fool from?
What's happening with me today?
You are not that innocent
that you don't understand.
'In the desert of dreams.
I didn't get water.'
'but a companion.'
'I am on the verge of achieving my
dreams that I saw with open eyes.'
'Yes. Mom. Today.
my first movie's shoot...'
'I mean. my work
is going to start.'
'I am really happy today.'
'I will go the shrine right away
and offer my prayers.'
'I pray that God
makes my Sara happy.'
'Yes. Mom. Today.
my first movie's shoot...'
'In the desert of dreams.
I didn't get water but a companion.'
'One day. I will work
in a bigger studio.'
'that too in a lead role.'
'...offer my prayers.'
- 'One day...'
'I will work in
a bigger studio in a lead role.'
'I got whole ocean. Yes. Mom!'
'One day. I will work
in a bigger studio.'
Simi. right?
- Yes.
We talked over the phone.
Come! Have a seat.
- Thank you.
What will you have?
Coffee or...
- Coffee.
Hot or cold?
Hot coffee.
- Okay.
Two hot coffees. please!
Are you an art lover?
Do you like paintings?
No. Actually. yes.
What does that mean?
I was not one. before
seeing your painting.
That painter. made me an art lover.
No one is ready to
pay me even 10.000.
and you spent ten lacs.
What did you see in that photo?
I didn't see anything.
that painter saw it.
I only liked that painting.
I wanted to buy it.
but he didn't sell it.
In fact. I didn't get that painting
even after bidding ten lacs on it.
Then I received a call from you.
I thought that I didn't
get the girl's painting.
at least I could meet the girl.
Seriously? Did he reject ten lacs?
Does this world have
these kind of people?
I don't know about
others. but he is.
He is a world in himself.
a world of canvas.
a lover of nature.
a king of colours.
You said it right.
He must be someone like this.
My colour. which was
rejected by everyone till now.
his colours made that my beauty.
I really want to meet him.
I also want that both of
you meet each other.
So that he can see all of you.
What do you mean by all of you?
Actually. he...
found half of your picture.
But he completed
that with his own talent.
Amazing! He didn't just
complete my picture.
he completed my whole life.
I am going tomorrow. Come with me.
I will arrange a meeting.
- Yes. Definitely!
Okay.
I am staying in Hotel Marriott.
Be there. We will go together.
Why meet in a hotel?
We have formed a relationship now
and relatives stay at home.
Not to a hotel. you are
coming with me to my home.
No. It's okay.
No. It's not okay. You are
coming with me. That's final.
Do you stay with your family?
No! No! I am staying
with my friend Pali.
Pali will be really
happy to meet you.
Okay then.
Your house is beautiful.
Thank you!
She is Pali.
Pali. this is Simi.
The girl with ten lacs?
Yes. That's me.
You didn't tell me that...
your friend is a doctor.
Then she will be an
advocate tomorrow
and a police officer
day after tomorrow.
How so?
Pali is also an actor.
She shoots advertisements.
New shoot. new outfit.
Oh! That's good.
You. actors. have an amazing life.
You can live so many
lives in a single life.
Wow! She talks beautifully.
Hello!
- Hi!
I am glad to meet you.
Actually. It was a continious shoot. So I came to like this.
Did you eat something?
No. We were waiting for you?
She makes such delicious food
that your stomach will be full.
but not your heart.
I don't know about her acting. but she is a good cook.
Shut up!
Let the jokes aside.
she is also a great actor
and a good human.
There are very few people who
have faith on your dreams as much as you do.
That's enough! You don't
need to sugarcoat anymore.
I will get freshen up and then cook.
- Okay.
You guys can carry
on your conversation.
Okay.
Let's go!
In this industry.
most of the people
wait to give a chance
to a new artist
so that they can get a chance.
I didn't give a chance to them
and didn't give me a chance.
After a lot of struggle.
I thought that I was not
made for this industry.
I was going to get
over with this when...
Pali called me.
Then she told me
about that picture.
He didn't just make
a picture of mine.
but he made the line
of life in my horoscope.
I can never repay him.
Sometimes. our conditions go...
against our lives.
And it's never easy
to fight with them.
But we should not lose hope.
We have to face
them. That's what life is.
Pali always used to say that
he must be someone special
who would look at you
without any discrimination.
Yes.
You have said it right.
He has really looked at you
without any discrimination.
Shall I tell you the truth?
After seeing the painting
that he has made of you.
I find you more beautiful
than myself today.
Girls. dinner is ready. Come fast!
Shall we go? - Yes.
- Let's have dinner.
Hello!
Yes.
Okay. Yes. I am a local.
Right now?
Okay. No problem!
I am coming. Okay. Thank you. sir.
What happened?
Finally. I received the call
for which I have been
waiting since so many years.
It was a call from Rom.
the producer.
He is asking me to
come and meet him.
So I have to go.
I will come to meet him by
tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.
Promise?
- Promise.
But I have to go now.
It's okay.
Did you face any issues on the way?
- No. sir.
The director will be
here within two minutes.
See! He is here. Sir! - Yes.
- Sara.
Oh! Photo girl!
- Yes.
Three years back. I wrote a story.
But I didn't find a
fresh face for that.
Then I saw your viral photo.
And I thought that yes.
this can be that face.
that face on which
eyes can get stuck.
Congratulations! You
are doing my picture.
that. too. as a lead role.
Thank you. sir!
Thank you so much!
- It's okay. You deserve this.
Manu!
- Yes. sir!
Take care of the paperwork.
- Yes. sir.
Complete all the formalities.
- Definitely. sir. - Okay?
Done. sir!
I will see you then.
- Yes. sir.
One more thing! Do
you have a boyfriend?
No. sir!
Mom.
- Yes.
Will she accompany
you on the shooting?
No. sir! She is a housewife.
She stays at home.
Sign her. then.
- Okay. sir!
What happened?
The movie is finalised.
Really?
- Yes.
Wow!
Here. Ms. Sara! Please sign it.
Congratulations. Ms Sara!
- Thank you. Manu sir!
Best of luck!
You have to throw a party.
- Definitely.
You can give him a party later.
For now. we have to leave on time.
or else we will miss the bus and
have to pay high rent for the cab.
What are you talking about?
Her bus journey is over now.
Since today. she
will enjoy a star life.
Star life?
After signing our
production house's movie.
an artist becomes a star.
Now we will take
care of her every need.
They only say that.
Sara. this is your new car
and a new flat
from our production house.
Thank you!
- Yes.
They only say that.
Come. Ms. Sara!
From today onwards.
you will stay here.
Wow!
Such a beautiful house!
- Right!
Sir!
Look for something for me too.
I am also an artist.
I will put my blood
and sweat into it.
They only say that.
I was just kidding about that.
I am also doing the same.
kidding.
Thank you so much. sir!
Sorry! I am so happy that I have
no other words than thank you.
It's okay. Ms Sara.
You should take a rest for now.
The car will be here to take you
on the shoot tomorrow morning.
- Sure.
See you there!
- See you!
Sir. I will also come.
They only say that.
Finally. after three
years of searching.
I found the face
that I was looking for.
Now. my dream movie
will go on the floor.
I am so happy.
Thanks to all of you for
investing in the movie.
We have only done this for
our friendship. Now it's your turn.
Take care that you don't make
us face a loss because of a dream.
Listen to me! Dreams can be broken.
but the money should not be lost.
Brother. don't worry! We will
get the money on the table.
Our story is really strong.
Is it a comedy film?
- No.
It's a period movie.
A king's love with
a commoner's daughter.
And then their separation.
Union...
and then tears.
- That's alright.
Only a comedy film
gets the full money back.
You can take care
of everything else.
Brother. not every movie is
made to get the money back.
I mean that getting the
money back is also important.
Actually. cinema is the
reflection of the society.
Yes.
Sometimes. we need
to show the society...
their face through a movie.
It's your decision. But
think about it once more.
Who even watches these kind of
movies? That too from the old times?
People look for taste and fun.
Entertainment.
Vidya Balan has also
said the same thing.
Entertainment!
Entertainment! Entertainment!
Guys. comedy is not the
only way of entertainment.
A person who laughs all the
time is called crazy by the world.
If a serious story
is told correctly.
that's also a type
of entertainment.
He is a director.
brother. and a writer too.
He won't let us win with his words.
Make whatever you want to make.
We also want to see which
'Mughal-E-Azam' you will make.
Okay! Cheers!
- Cheers!
Sara!
Her name is Sara.
Then?
What then?
I went to meet her.
I also told her
everything about you.
I thought that I should
make both of you meet.
She promised to come.
but sadly. she didn't come
even after making the promise.
But I never said that...
I wanted to meet her.
Why? Don't you love her?
Love?
I also love the moon and stars.
the Sun that glows
among those cold clouds.
and even this amusing rose.
But it doesn't mean that they
have to come and meet me.
It's not important for someone
to be near us to love them.
By the way. it's been four days.
She didn't give me a call.
But she said to me that
she would come.
See! I think that she
doesn't remember anything.
And here you are.
who has made her
reach to great heights.
When you put a price on her.
she became a person of that world.
But you were the
one who put a price.
But you made the picture.
Yes. I did.
But she is also a human.
Not just the human.
whoever gets a price here.
they forget their old world
and enters a new world.
The new one always
forgets about the old one.
That's how it works.
Finally. we are here.
- Yes.
Yes mam?
Two fresh juices.
a subway for madam.
After that. green tea
with fat-free cookies
and we will have green salad
for lunch. that too without sauces.
Go and get it.
- So much?
They can do this much.
Bigger the production.
the bigger the treatment.
Don't worry! I know everything.
Sara. Sukh!
Sukh?
Superstar Sukh!
Wow! They have signed you with him.
No! He must not be him.
He must be someone
new. I am also new.
Oh God! I hope he
is the same. Sukh.
He is the same. - What?
- Look there.
He is coming towards us. - Yes.
- Sir. one minute.
Brother. she is Sara.
the actress with you.
Hello!
- Hello!
Your eyes are really beautiful.
- Thank you!
Hi. sir! I am Pali.
I am Sara's best friend.
Hello!
Oh God!
- Are you crazy? What are you doing?
"The moon and
stars talk about you."
"All of them want to
look at your innocence."
"The moon and
stars talk about you."
"All of them want to
look at your innocence."
"No one was before you.
and no one is after you."
"I have the wish to
meet you. darling."
"Like how king and queen meet."
"I have the wish to
meet you. darling."
"Like how king and queen meet."
"I fell in love with the
way your hair flew"
"I can die on the way with
which your eyelids closed."
"I fell in love with the
way your hair flew"
"I can die on the way with
which your eyelids closed."
"There is no comparison to
you. you are excellent. darling."
"I have the wish to
meet you. darling."
"Like how king and queen meet."
"I have the wish to
meet you. darling."
"Like how king and queen meet."
Hello. Yeah. Deep.
I'm all right. What about you?
Of course.
Yes. we will meet soon.
I am coming soon.
Okay. bye. Take care.
Simi dear.
when are you going back?
How many more days
are left for you to return?
I have to go next week. Mom.
But to be honest.
I do not feel like going at all.
I wish I could stay
right here with you.
- Aww. my baby!
What are Mom and
daughter discussing?
Tell me something too.
It's nothing. Simi was saying
she does not feel like going at all.
Honey. even we don't want you to go.
We. too. want you to stay
with us as much as possible.
But this time. your father's love
will stop you. right?
- Why?
What about Mom's love?
- Oh!
What did I say? You always look
for reasons to fight.
Am I looking for reasons?
You need a chance to fight with me.
When did I fight with you?
- What were you doing just now?
Stop it now. Simi is right here.
You are always
talking about yourself.
You always look for my fault.
As if you never did anything.
Come on now. Enough.
Wow! Wonderful!
Amazing!
Wow. very good!
Good job. Sukh.
Congrats!
Congrats. - Congratulations!
- To you too.
To you too.
Wow! Amazing scene!
Amazing job.
It was so good.
Amazing work!
I did such an amazing job!
Of course. - I mean.
our team. you. even madam too.
Director. our movie
is a sure shot hit.
You just get the money out
of the producer for promotions.
- Of course.
The movie is really good. Sir.
It's beautiful.
Our hard work paid off.
Sir. - Hmm?
- Our poster is out now.
Look at this.
Yeah. it's good.
Come on. man.
Try something else too.
It's still the same thing.
Sir. it's already the 4th poster.
What is it. Sir?
No problem.
- Actually.
the way our movie is.
it is not visible in the poster.
Yeah. sure.
I look so good in this. right?
I mean. we look so good.
Sir. why are you worried?
Our film is already a hit.
Even the poster is great!
- Of course.
Yeah. it's good.
But it could have been better.
Actually. the poster
is the first impression
of the film.
- Hmm.
Sara.
- Yes?
Who made that picture of you?
That picture?
- Yes.
It was a painter.
Manu. - Yes. Sir?
- Call that painter.
Okay. Sir. - Tell him that
I want to meet him. - Sure. Sir.
Miss Sara.
give me his number.
I will talk to him.
Okay. Sir. I'll talk to him
and give you an update.
Sukh. shall we?
We have to meet
the music director too.
Okay.
- Sure.
Hey. stand up. Don't warm
the bench for no reason.
Uh... Greetings.
Tea?
No. I don't want tea today.
What is it? Is everything all right?
Okay. tell me something.
When you want to tell
your heart to someone.
then what is the right time?
When the very thought
of this comes to the heart.
that is the right time.
But why are you telling me...
When it's the right time.
As they say. good luck!
Two colours together make
a new colour. don't they?
Yeah.
These new colours bring freshness.
Would you like to have something?
Yes. An answer.
An answer to my hope.
See. now I have also
started talking like you.
I didn't get you.
Even I don't know
when this happened and how.
All I know now
is that it happened.
What happened?
- You tell me something.
I feel the wind nowadays.
Everything around me is colourful.
I admonish myself and forbid myself.
You still don't understand?
No.
- Silly.
Well. tell me.
what do you do with your colours?
Love.
Simi.
Hi.
I am Sara. I'm sorry
I'm a little late.
The day Simi told me about you.
I was about to come to meet you.
Then my work started.
That too because of you.
I was busy with that only.
Then as soon as I got time.
I came to meet you.
Thank you for getting me off the
ground to the heights of the sky.
What? Didn't you recognise her?
She is the one whose beauty you
have brought to the whole world.
No.
it's not her.
Not her. What do you mean?
The picture I had received
didn't want anything from me.
I just got it.
But the one who has come
to meet me today
has come for some reason.
Very good! You were right. Simi.
He reads faces very well.
Yes. I am here for a reason.
But if my need is connected
with you. so what is my fault?
As my dream is being fulfilled
because of you.
it should not remain incomplete
That's why I'm here
to take you with me.
You have to do one
more painting of me.
One more?
The director says that the poster
for the film will be made
by the same painter
who made my painting.
You will get good money for it.
Thank you.
I don't need money.
Forgive me. but I can't go with you.
When a small-town girl
comes out of her house
with big dreams.
everyone rejects her
because of her complexion.
But she still sticks to her dream.
Then one day.
someone painted her picture
and took her to her destination.
Because of you. I am standing
a step from my destination.
If you don't take me up
by holding my hand.
then this time.
I will fall in such a way
that I will not be able to survive.
I will really die.
If that's what you had to do.
then why did you save my life?
Why did you paint my picture?
Sara is absolutely right.
You had saved her life.
Now you must go
to save her dreams too.
Sara loves her art as passionately
as you love your art.
Don't you think
that an artist should
help another artist?
After all. this is what
nature teaches us.
Cheers!
I think our movie will bring
a big change to the cinema.
People have seen
a lot of innocuous films.
Sensitive cinema is needed now.
Like art.
Like passion.
You know...
- I still can't digest it.
A good thing is rarely liked
by our people.
You should add some
comedy to the movie.
Believe me. you should try
Harman Cheema in your movie.
He will wreak havoc. Havoc!
Hello. Sir. He is Mr. Painter.
Welcome.
We are so lucky to have you here.
Thank you.
Sara must have told you that
we have made a very good movie.
So I want you to also
be a part of this film
and make such a poster
of our actress. which is
even better than before.
Every artist presents
his new work a little better
than his previous work.
But sometimes people understand.
and sometimes. they don't.
Wow! Wonderful!
Now we have got the right person.
Hmm. - I am sure
you will do great this time too.
They are the producers of our film.
And. Sir. he's that painter.
Now he will make a new poster
for our film.
Get ready for the poster first.
Come on. Painter.
sit here. Join us.
Make a peg for the guy.
Forgive me
I don't drink.
- Manu.
Room.
- Got it. Sir.
Come. Sir. Let me
show you your room.
Have some rest.
Got it? I just need to get the feel.
I think it would be perfect.
Rest. I will...
Manu. - Yes. Sir?
- Call Sara. Tell her to sit here.
Sure. Sir. She is getting ready.
She'll be here.
There's no need for her to be here.
- Inspiration.
I think if she is in here.
then you'll get some help.
- No. Sir.
I made it without
even seeing her before.
Anyway.
I have heard the story of the movie.
Now all I have to do
is tell your story
in my colours.
- Oh my!
Wonderful!
This is called confidence.
Manu.
learn from him.
- Sure. Sir. Of course.
Okay. No problem.
Whatever you feel comfortable with.
Now we will meet only when the
poster is complete. Okay? - Sure.
"I swear to God.
I will sing your song"
"just like the twinkling
of stars in the dark."
"Even the half-moon
shines so gracefully."
"So imagine what the
full moon would feel like."
"Happiness has entered my heart."
"Like heaven on earth."
"Convoys of fortune stopped
at your door."
"All the complaints that
were there with life are gone."
"Somewhere there is sunshine.
Somewhere there is shade."
"Somewhere there is peace.
Somewhere there is noise."
"but beyond this.
the reality is something else."
"Somehow. I got connected
to the light."
"Like heaven on earth."
What are you looking at?
Nothing. just
looking at the moon.
The seeker also found
spots in the moon.
and a lover gave it
the status of a lover.
It is up to the beholder
whether he sees a lover
or spots.
Thank you so much
that you came here on my request.
I owe you.
There is nothing like that.
Wherever God decides for a person.
he has to go there.
Nobody does anybody a favour.
Everyone's life has its
own different journey.
If not a favour.
think of it as help.
But I will never forget
what you did for me.
It's human nature to forget.
Well.
I'm glad to be of use to you.
And I'm lucky you painted
my picture a second time.
Wow! Very good! Excellent!
Sir. you are not a painter
but a magician. A magician.
A magician of colours. Ah!
I have seen many artists.
but I have not seen the soul
in anyone's art.
Put life into the picture.
- Absolutely.
The picture looks so alive.
Bro. meet me.
We will make more paintings.
Manu.
- Yes. Sir?
Prepare for the screening party.
- Sure. Sir.
We will reveal this poster there.
Hmm.
- Sure. Sir.
Sir. you must come to the party.
- Okay.
Sara. - Yes?
- It's your duty to bring him.
Okay?
- Okay.
Sukh. shall we?
Good luck. bro.
Come on. Bring me some fritters.
Have a seat.
Here's your tea.
and here are your fritters.
Mr. Sidhu.
There are many in the market.
Not everyone is like your friend.
It's closed. right?
I told you that this is
not the way of business.
Everything I say comes true.
See. I closed his shop.
Give it back.
Movie people have
taken your painter.
He is working with big actors
and actresses.
Like people have fans.
my Painter friend also has fans.
Movie guys?
- Yeah.
That's why the shop is closed.
See. he is so famous now.
You can come here too.
I will get one or two
paintings made for you too.
Come on now. Leave.
Hey. bro.
- Yeah.
Tell your painter
to introduce me to Neeru Bajwa.
I want to see
if she is really that beautiful
or if it's all a camera trick.
You can think of it as a trick.
Get lost! Wants to meet Neeru Bajwa.
I will take black paint
from the painter
and paint it on your name.
They have taken the painter
with them. not you.
Why are you acting so smart?
You have to make tea anyway.
Good for nothing.
- Get lost!
If you come back now.
I will poison your dumplings.
Trying to make fun of me.
Do your work.
What is the hurry to leave?
At least stay till the party.
No.
now that my job is done.
I think I should leave.
My house. my shop.
my love.
everyone must be waiting for me.
Everything would be
incomplete without me.
House can be built here as well
as shop. What's so special in there?
The real appreciation
of art is here.
You'll see. you will
become famous overnight.
Those who become famous overnight
also. become anonymous overnight.
The way fame comes.
the way it goes.
All you need is art.
appreciation can
find you even in the
deepest corner of the Earth.
It sounds good to talk
about all these things.
but today's truth is that
it takes money even to breathe.
The will of the breather
and a little bit of air
is enough to breathe.
The world that gives money and fame
makes you sit on
the top in one moment
and can bring you down on
the ground in the next moment.
Anyways. I suffocate being
around greedy and mean people.
I am very happy with what
I am and wherever I am.
Goodbye.
Hey. why are you upset?
Now even your
dreams are coming true.
Come on. Your movie
is getting released.
What else do you want?
He did something to me.
He... He touched my soul.
- Hmm?
He hasn't come yet
but will come soon.
Do the villagers ever come back
after going to the city?
Well. I'm going back to Canada.
Give it to him.
You should have met him
before leaving.
I had come to meet.
but I think
the guys who were meant to
be together have already met.
"My love. I agree that you
are the master of colours."
"Tell me where the love
of the capricious is sold."
"You took my breath away.
leaving my soul empty."
"Do you like the colour
of a broken heart?"
"My love. I agree that you
are the master of colours."
"Tell me where the love
of the capricious is sold."
"Why couldn't my colours fill you?"
"What are you lost in that
our issues are not resolved?"
"Why couldn't my colours fill you?"
"What are you lost in that
our issues are not resolved?"
"You are stonehearted."
"You didn't understand my pain.
Why are you colourless?"
"There is no colour in your heart.
You are selfish."
"Now. even you will
not see the colour"
"of the sorrow of being alone."
"My love. I agree that you
are the master of colours."
"Tell me where the love
of the capricious is sold."
Hey... Painter.
Hey. handle this.
Hey. Painter.
You are back!
How are you?
To be honest. without your words.
even my dumplings
seemed tasteless.
Really!
Simi was here.
She gave it to you before leaving.
Let me bring tea for you.
'I'm going back'
'empty-handed.
Actually. it was my fault.'
'A picture made by whom
did not come in my share.'
'I asked God for him only.'
'And. yeah. no one hangs
the curtains themselves.'
'People hang them.'
'But if someone is there
to see beyond the curtains.'
'then the curtains
also. get removed.'
'I didn't get my love.'
'but you be happy with your love.'
Greetings. everyone.
I am your filmy friend. and you are
watching my channel Filmy Akhbaar.
Don't forget to like
and share the video.
So. friends. let's start
the review of this week's
released the film Rajkumar.
The film stars superstar Sukh.
in the lead role.
and a new girl has
been launched with him.
Her name is Sara.
Sank the whole fleet.
Actually. the whole problem
of this film starts from here.
How can you take a new girl
with such a big artist?
Look. the pairing of a star actress
with a star. the actor looks good.
Well. leave it.
Debbie Singh directed this film.
I don't know how he would
have convinced his bait...
I mean. the producer
to make this story.
If we talk about
the story of this film.
then the story is of the era
of Kings and Queens.
Who watches such movies?
I had to watch it
because I have to review.
But. friends. you
have no compulsion.
It's up to you whether you
want to see this movie or not.
But this movie is a complete flop.
Flop!
Look at this.
Those who do not have any work.
they start their own channel.
It is easy to make fun of films.
Let them make films themselves.
They would know the reality.
Why are you listening
to his rubbish?
They stamp us as a flop in moments.
On the one hand. these people
talk about promoting new talent.
and on the other hand.
they push them back
because they are new.
They are so double-faced. Paali.
Obviously. Hit and flop is
just a tag. Life moves on.
After one hit.
people forget everything.
In the process of fulfilling
your dream. we lost so much.
Film line worms are made of rubber.
They don't die.
Some sink. and some swim.
You. directors. keep bait
for your selfishness.
Then you kill that bait by
giving it the name of the producer.
That too mercilessly.
Are you getting my point?
This is the problem
with the directors and writers.
There was nothing wrong
with my film.
People's reaction is wrong.
My film is 100 times better
than the films that
are becoming hits.
You. yourself. are
saying that those are hits.
The public has nothing
to do with art and nature.
They just want to laugh.
Even if you have
to tickle them yourself.
This is how you do business.
Sir. I need an OTP
that's on your phone.
What OTP?
Sir. rent and maintenance
of Miss Sara's flat.
One lakh rupees only.
Stop it with your 'only'.
I won't pay for anyone now.
Throw her out.
She is an actress of a flop film.
Get her out of here.
- Sir. listen... - Hello.
don't say anything.
Quiet. Shh!
Quiet!
Got your OTP? Leave.
How dare you? How can you do this?
Where should we go now?
- Sorry. Mam.
But the Producer has asked
to vacate the flat immediately.
Sara... Sara. did you see?
Their film flopped. so they
are throwing us out of here.
Really sorry. Mam.
Even I feel bad for you.
But you have to leave now.
You just... Just shut up!
I'm helpless too. Mam.
Miss Sara. the car
is waiting outside.
Tell me wherever you want
to go. The driver will drop you off.
No. thanks.
Such a cheap producer he was.
We have to be upfront from now on.
Either don't provide accommodation
and if you do. then don't
take it away. This is not done.
This won't be needed now.
I won't do any more movies.
This was the last one.
I don't want to be an actress.
I am happy being Sara.
Keep your spirits up.
Everyone stands up
after fumbling like this.
That's it. Paali.
I saw what I wanted to see.
My mother was right
that my dreams were nothing but
an illusion of water in the desert.
He was also right.
The world makes you sit
on the top in one moment
and can bring you down
on the ground in the next moment.
What the hell are you talking about?
And why are we sitting
here at the bus stand?
I have a friend.
Let's go to her place.
Come on. Let's go.
- No. Paali.
You go.
I know where I want to go.
You were right.
About people. about
being famous. about fame.
you were right about everything.
This world doesn't give
as much as it makes you lose.
I have realised
that dreaming is not a bad thing.
but leaving everything
to chase them blindly
is also not the right thing.
What happened?
I am in love with you.
Just like the way
you love your colours.
I want to leave my world
and be a part of your world.
I want to spend my whole life
with these pictures of yours.
I will stay wherever you say.
Anyway. you want.
I... I love you.
I love you too.
But as a human being.
As a part of that vast nature.
To be honest.
I am in love only with my art.
With my colours
and with these paintings of mine.
Love happens only once.
If I love someone else.
it will not be loyalty with love.
But I'm glad you came here today.
You have no curtains today.
Now you look like the one I painted.
I feel my colours. got coloured in her colours.
Or maybe.
I'm just starting to see
beyond the colours.
"I am your nature.
and you are my God."
"Like heaven on earth."